This program cleans the class.txt file and then prints the cleaned data in cleaned.txt file.

INSTALLATIONS:

1. Install PyEnchant using the standard Python setuptools procedure:
    Download and un tar the source files
    Enter the distribution directory, which contains the file 'setup.py'
    Execute the command:
    python setup.py install
OR
1. Install pyEnchant using -> pip install pyEnchant

2. Install Edit Distance library using -> pip install editdistance

3. Install NLTK as follows: Run the Python interpreter and type the commands:

    >>> import nltk
    >>> nltk.download()


STEPS:

1. It first reads the class.txt file and then using split function, it splits different columns according to our needs. I have implemented the
object oriented programing style in this program. There is a class Registrar which has a set of all the professors.
There is another class Professor which has fields as First Name, Last Name and a set of Courses.

2. The class.txt file is read and single row data is put into Professor class's object which in turn is put into Registrar class's object which
contains the set of professors.

3. The class uses Py Enchant to get the suggestions and then uses edit distance of maximum 2 to reduce the suggestions to one single correct word.
 It then replaces the wrong word with the correct one and then stores the correct word in the cleaned.txt file.

4. For query - 1, I have created a set of strings and added all the courses taught by all the professors, this gives us the distinct courses

5. For query - 2, since I already have a set of professors in object Registrar, I find the professor with last name as "Theys" and then print the number
of courses of professor "Theys"

6. For query-3, I have implemented my own jaccard distance function which calculates the jaccard distance of two courses set taught by any two professors
I have used this function to calculate jaccard distance for professors which have courses >= 5. Then I find the max jaccard score and print those professors.

ISSUES:

The enchant library is still not able to convert abbreviations. For now I have hard coded them.

CITATIONS:

Discussion of this program involved some great ideas from my colleagues Ashwin Bansod, Krutarth Joshi and Aayush Kataria.